namcap: add page (#6722)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/namcap.md

# namcap

> > A tool to check binary packages and source PKGBUILDs for common packaging mistakes, which can also be automatically enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Check binary packages and source `PKGBUILD`s for common packaging mistakes.
```

> More information: <https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Namcap>.

> - To run `namcap` on a file, where filename is `PKGBUILD` or the name of a binary pkg.tar.xz:

Reviewer: I think is best to split this example in 2: the first for `PKGBUILD` and another for packages.

`namcap {{filename}}`

> - To see extra informational messages, invoke `namcap` with the -i flag:

Reviewer: We can highlight the argument name:
```suggestion
- Check a file printing extra [i]nformational messages:
```

> `namcap -i {{filename}}`

Reviewer: we use `path/to/file` as placeholder
```suggestion
`namcap -i {{path/to/file}}`
```

# namcap

> Check binary packages and source `PKGBUILD`s for common packaging mistakes.
> More information: <https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Namcap>.

> - To run `namcap` on `PKGBUILD` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check a specific `PKGBUILD` file:
```

> `namcap PKGBUILD`

Reviewer: We use `snake_case` for placeholders, so this should be in this case:
```suggestion
`namcap {{path/to/pkgbuild}}`
```

> - To run `namcap` on file `pkg.tar.xz`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check a specific package file:
```

> `namcap pkg.tar.xz`

Reviewer: Remembering `xz`, The default compresion is `zst` now
```suggestion
`namcap {{path/to/package.pkg.tar.zst}}`
```
